Skip to main content
Coronavirus situ­ation at the University of Helsinki
Follow updates
UNIVERSITY OF HELSINKI

NEWS

ADMISSIONS AND
EDUCATION

RESEARCH

COOPERATION

ABOUT US

FACULTIES AND
UNITS

EN

Search
Support us

STUDY WITH US
With the power of knowledge, we can change attitudes, people and society – for the world. Apply to our Master's Programmes before 5 Jan 2022 at 15:00 (UTC+2).

Apply now to our International Master’s Programmes
News
NEWS
Helsingin yliopiston ja HUSin tutkimusryhmä on selvittänyt APOE4-geenimuodon yhteyttä COVID-19-taudin vakavuuteen suomalaisessa väestössä. 
PANDEMICS| 27.12.2021
A common risk factor for Alzheimer’s disease may predispose carriers to severe COVID-19
A study conducted at the University of Helsinki and the Helsinki University Hospital suggests that the APOE4 allele may also increase cereb...

NEWS

CLIMATE CHANGE AND BIODIVERSITY| 22.12.2021
Remote areas are not safe havens for biodiversity
Remote localities are generally considered as potential reservoirs for biodiversity, but this is just part of the story. With regard to fis...

NEWS

UNIVERSITY| 21.12.2021
Dean, vice-deans and division directors appointed for the next term at the Faculty of Pharmacy
In the term extending to the end of 2025, Yvonne Holm, Mia Sivén and Jari Yli-Kauhaluoma will continue as the Faculty’s vice-deans. New add...

What is going on at the university?
KNOWLEDGE AND LEARNING ARE FOR EVERYONE
The University of Helsinki offers a wide range of learning opportunities. We believe in the power of knowledge to change attitudes, people and society. We believe in the power of knowledge – for the benefit of the world.

Admissions and education

A female University of Helsinki student at Think Corner. 
Explore our International Master's programmes
Get to know our 36 master's programmes with teaching in English.

Read more

Open university
Enrol on a university course, take an online course or strengthen your professional skills. Everyone is qualified for the open university.

Read more
A group of University of Helsinki students.
For international students
Discover why both the education system in Finland and the quality of life in Helsinki are considered to be amongst the best in the world.

Read more
Nainen tohtorinhatussa.
Doctoral education
We have 32 doctoral programmes and four doctoral schools. Doctoral students work on their theses under the supervision of top researchers.

Apply to doctoral programmes
What is doctoral education like?
HIGH-QUALITY RESEARCH-BASED TEACHING
What is teaching like at the University? What does it mean when teaching is described as research-based? How is teaching developed further?

Education at the University of Helsinki

THE BEST PLACE TO WORK
One of our strategic choices is to support the wellbeing, inclusivity and equality of our community. In 2030, we want to be the best place to study, teach, research and work. Could the University of Helsinki be a good workplace for you too?

Helsingin yliopiston työntekijöitä pitelemässä #WeAreHelsinkiUni-kylttiä
Work at the University!
Our community of more than 8,000 staff members offers many career opportunities, high-quality services and diverse employee benefits.

Explore the career opportunities offered by the University
Open positions
OPEN AND MULTIDISCIPLINARY RESEARCH – FOR THE WORLD
Our multidisciplinary research university creates opportunities for cooperation that transcends borders between traditional fields of science. Openness strengthens research and its impact on society. Get to know our research, our researchers and the services that we offer to our researchers.

Ympäristötutkimusta Kilpisjärvellä.
Explore our research
The University of Helsinki ranks highly in global comparisons of research universities. We conduct research to benefit the world.

Read more

Browse our research units
Are you looking for a researcher in a particular field, a certain discipline, a particular research group or some other research community?

Read more

Services for researchers
Infrastructures, library services, research funding, research ethics... We provide researchers with first-class and versatile services.

Read more
A COMMUNITY OF RESEARCH AND LEARNING BASED ON COURAGEOUS THOUGHT AND DIALOGUE
Our success is based on in-depth and innovative discipline-specific knowledge, interdisciplinary research and teaching of a high standard. Get to know our strategy and our people. Collaborate with us!

Ylhäältä kuvattu turkoosina alkanut aalto murtuu keskellä kuvaa violetinsiniseksi. 
Strategy 2021-2030
Research, curiosity and cooperation create opportunities for solving the major global challenges.

Read more

People finder
Are you looking for a researcher or a specialist? You can find our contact details here.

Read more
Ihmisiä tutustumassa yliopiston tutkimukseen Slush-tapahtumassa.
Cooperate with us
We cooperate with e.g. alumni, donors, businesses, universities and other educational institutions.

Read more
The University of Helsinki is located in Finland. It is the oldest and largest institution of academic education in the country. The university is an international scientific community of 40,000 students and researchers. In international university rankings, the University of Helsinki typically ranks among the top 100. Through the power of science, the University has contributed to society, education and welfare since 1640.

Up

CAMPUSES
University operates on four campuses in Helsinki and nine other locations.
See all
City centre campus
Faculty of Arts
Faculty of Educational Sciences
Faculty of Law
Faculty of Theology
Faculty of Social Sciences
Swedish School of Social Sciences
Kumpula campus
Faculty of Science
Viikki campus
Faculty of Agriculture and Forestry
Faculty of Biological and Environmental Sciences
Faculty of Pharmacy
Faculty of Veterinary Medicine
Meilahti campus
Faculty of Medicine
UNIVERSITY OF HELSINKI

P.O. Box 4
(Yliopistonkatu 3)
00014 University of Helsinki
Switchboard:
+358 (0) 2941 911 (mobile call charge / local network charge)
Follow us
People finder and contacts
Building opening hours
Library
Careers
Flamma-intranet
Studies service for current students
About the website
Data Protection
Accessibility statement
Give feedback
Press and Media
Webshop
© University of Helsinki 2021
